elaborate on import/include conditional example (#78138)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_conditionals.rst

Conditionals with imports
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When you add a conditional to an import statement, Ansible applies the condition to all tasks within the imported file. This behavior is the equivalent of :ref:`tag_inheritance`. Ansible applies the condition to every task, and evaluates each task separately. For example, if you want to define and then display a variable that wasn't previously defined, you might have a playbook called ``main.yml`` and a tasks file called ``other_tasks.yml``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add a conditional to an import statement, Ansible applies the condition to all tasks within the imported file. This behavior is the equivalent of :ref:`tag_inheritance`. Ansible applies the condition to every task, and evaluates each task separately. For example, if you want to define and then display a variable that was not previously defined, you might have a playbook called ``main.yml`` and a tasks file called ``other_tasks.yml``:
```
